# Synchronized-Ticket-Office-Project
There are 3 diﬀerent theater halls in the system with the given available number of seats: (a) ODA TIYATROSU, 60 seats (b) USKUDAR STUDYO SAHNE, 80 seats (c) KUCUK SAHNE, 200 seats

Conﬁguration File All the information required for the simulation to progress is in the conﬁguration ﬁle. Your program should take the conﬁguration ﬁle as input. • The ﬁrst line of the conﬁguration ﬁle represents the Name of the Theater Hall (i.e., OdaTiy- atrosu, UskudarStudyoSahne, and KucukSahne). • The second line represents the total number of clients to be simulated. • The rest of the conﬁguration ﬁle represents the clients. The order of the lines should be aligned with the order of client thread creation. A particular line includes the following information about a client that arrives for a reservation: <client name, arrival time, service time, seat number>. The format of the conﬁguration ﬁle is ﬁxed. For example, there will be no white-spaces within lines, and there will be always NumberOfClients + 2 lines in the conﬁguration ﬁle.

Client-Teller Threads When the program starts executing, the clients start arriving. The tellers are created in advance, and they are ready before the clients’ arrival. • The main thread should create the client threads sequentially. In other words, the client threads are created one by one, without any waiting time in between. However, after creating a client thread, the client should sleep (or wait) until his/her arrival time. • In the ticket oﬃce, a newly arriving client should enter the queue and wait until the requests of all previous clients in the queue are completed, and the client at the head of the queue is dispatched to the ﬁrst teller that becomes available. Therefore, the queue mechanism of a ticket oﬃce should be implemented as a FIFO queue. (Hint: The mutex unlock operation behaves like FIFO queue in Linux and macOS pthread implementation. Therefore, you don’t need to implement an extra linked list or similar structure to imitate the FIFO queue functionality.) • The tellers should serve the clients in order. If all tellers are available, Teller A gets the ﬁrst client, Teller B gets the second client, and Teller C gets the third client from the head of the queue. • After the creation of the client thread and the sleep duration, the client waits for his/her turn and when it’s his/her turn, the client selects a seat as stated in the conﬁguration ﬁle. Teller thread handles the request of the client, reserves the seat, and sleeps for the client’s service time. After sleeping period, client thread exits. If such a seat cannot be reserved, the client thread exits after sleeping period without reservation. (Teller’s sleeping period can be considered as ticket preparation time, whether a reservation successful or not Teller thread sleeps before client’s leave.) • The main thread waits until no clients are left to be served.

You can use the make file given to compile this code and you should run this code as follows:

make ./simulation.o configuration_path output_path
